The main goals fo these esercises are: being familiar with SIR code,
be able to invert data from different instruments (HINODE, CRISP, SPINOR,
IBIS, FIRS) and to deal with different real problems as: the presence of
noise, strong assymetries, several components, gradient determination, 
selection of number of nodes, low spectral resolution. Additionally we 
will address the error and uncertainties determination and the determination 
of sensitivity to different physical quantities. 

We will atack these question in a sequence of increasing complexity exercises, 
namely:

   Ex 1: Testing and taking first contact with synthesis, inversion and result
         visualization.

   Ex 2: HINODE data. Analysis of strong and symmetric signals. How many nodes
         should be used? Is it always better to use many nodes? Weights of Q, U & V

   Ex 3: Error bars and uncertainties determination.
   
   Ex 4: SPINOR data. How to select lines in a large spectral region.
         Using macro- and micro-turbulence. Gradients determination.
         
   Ex 4 bis: Optional. Strong asymmetries and use of stray-light.
   
   Ex 5: HINODE data.  High signal to noise profiles. Extremely weak linear polarization 
         signal but large asymmetries.
         
   Ex 6: Stokes V with 3 lobes. One versus 2 components inversions.
   
   Ex 7: IBIS profiles: high spatial resolution bad modest spectral sampling.
         Introducing points in the spectra that will not be consider in the chi^2.
         
   Ex 7bis: Optional, because the topic was covered by ex 7 but with CRISP data
            Strong asymmetric profiles and use of stray light.
            Very high spatial resolution bad poor spectral resolution.
           
   Ex 8: FIRS profiles. How reliable are the obtained gradients in different
         solar scenarios?
         
   Ex 9: Inversion of gas pressures. Sensitivity to gas pressure. How to evaluate
         the Response functions (RF) to Pg from the RF to temperature and electronic 
         pressure.
